#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile doc/requirements.in
#
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via mkdocs
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via puncturedfem
entrypoints==0.4
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.22.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r doc/requirements.in
ipython==8.18.1
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.16.1
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
lxml==5.2.1
    # via
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   nbconvert
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r doc/requirements.in
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   markdown-include
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-include==0.6.0
    # via -r doc/requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via puncturedfem
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r doc/requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.4.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-jupyter==0.22.0
    # via -r doc/requirements.in
mkdocs-material==8.5.4
    # via
    #   -r doc/requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r doc/requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==0.7.1
    # via mkdocstrings
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numba==0.59.1
    # via puncturedfem
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   puncturedfem
    #   scipy
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupytext
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
puncturedfem @ git+https://github.com/samreynoldsmath/PuncturedFEM.git@main
    # via -r doc/requirements.in
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via mkdocs-material
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.13.1
    # via puncturedfem
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via puncturedfem
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via ipython
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
watchdog==2.1.9
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
